Thanks everyone for joining.
Thank you very much for taking the time out of your
busy schedule to meet today.
I spoke to Marcus our CEO yesterday.
Together, we need to define how AI can help us move
faster, innovate smarter, and keep our creative identity
intact.
I would love to hear your perspectives on how to
get started and accelerate fast.
Thanks for consulting us Sophie.
I'll go first.
From a market standpoint, speed is everything.
Players' expectations change weekly, if we hesitate,
we lose them!
We should empower our teams to experiment with AI
tools right now: content generation, campaign optimization,
player segmentation.
Let them test, iterate, and learn fast.
With my team I have a list of 35 opportunities I
gathered in various conferences and put into an excel
spreadsheet.
I can recommend 6 use cases we could experiment immediately.
I understand your point, Amira.
But transformation without structure leads to chaos.
If we deploy AI too fast, we'll create silos, duplicated
tools, and confusion.
We need to start by mapping where AI adds the most
value — identify the high-impact use cases and build
around them.
I agree speed matters, but without solid data foundations,
this won't scale.
We'll soon face a surge in business data and analytics
needs.
My recommendation: select a robust AI Tech platform
now.
ScaleAI Pro is the leading AI platform and offers
great terms if we sign an exclusive deal.
Without this, we risk chaos later.
Once done, we need to extract the maximum volume
of data from our core systems and load this into the
AI platform before we can build anything.
Thank you all for your perspective.
If I summarize, we have three approaches:
- Amira, you propose to move fast and experiment with
6 use cases.
- Elena, you suggest that we start with an AI strategy
and map the use cases.
- And James, you recommend that we first Build solid
data and tech foundations.
Each path has its merits — but we'll have to choose
one as our North Star.
Our goal is clear: make AI real, measurable, and
aligned with who we are as a company.
I will think that this through and get back to you
with my proposed kick-off strategy.